

I gave about 10 minutes at the beginning of the first Leadership meeting I ran alone to have Isabella, Byron, and Theo draw a cover for the binder I'm going to use to organize notes and documents for Leadership. 

One of the reasons I did this, beyond generating the illustration, was so that they could spend time with each other without my being present.

I want you all to sincerely try to get to know each other. 

I remember attending Inter-Club Council meetings in college as a representative of the Computer Science Club, or go to different Club Days, which were advertising events for the clubs on campus. These were the times that the members of these clubs would all be together in the same space.

At the Inter-Club Council, they would  do role call, a leader would talk across the table and ask each of the club representatives how their clubs were doing and if they needed anything, and then if a club needed authorization from the council, like when they're first starting their club and wanted to officially join the school, or sought approval to set up a booth on campus, or they wanted to fundraise, and so on, they would vote on it. But there wasn't space to connect with each other without the structure of the meeting holding them, and the meeting wasn't proactive in letting communication breathe. You could talk to people at the table before the meeting, or you could go up to people afterwards and talk if they had the time, but communication wasn't assured. I think that it's important enough to make the time for that connection intentionally. 

At the Club Days, again where clubs would advertise themselves at booths in the quad or cafeteria, there would be many wonderful clubs. Hiking Club, Political Science Club, Math Club, Astronomy Club, ESports Club, but the Presidents would be running their booths while the members could be with them or wander around. These club days only happened 2-4 times a year, but I wonder how much these groups might have realized that they shared in common and how their leaders could have supported each other if a different environment could have set a different structure for communication. The priority was communicating their programs to others, but not amongst other programs. Maybe that's not the place to do it, but there wasn't a place to do it, so you kind of have to make do with what you have. But, we don't want to only survive, we aim to thrive.   

My plan is to greet you all inside before the meeting and we can either talk about Leadership, if it's more organic to talk about it there than during the offical meeting time, or we can casually talk about anything else. If you don't want to talk, you can do that too. 

At the end of business, at least that involves me giving you information like this and leading discussion, I want to allocate a few minutes for you all to spend time with each other without me being present, I'm thinking 10 minutes to start. This is guarunteed time to socialize. If conversation fizzles out and you're left sitting there awkwardly in silence, I want you to get creative and try your best to practice having conversation. I can't make you all best friends or even like each other, but I want you all to open yourself up to the possibilities of what connecting with other people of different backgrounds can create.

I had set a precedent about talkng about purchases for your programs with you all. We can still do this, but I was talking to my bosses and they had communicated to me that purchase requests have to be made through your instructors. You can ask for updates on your orders, you can talk about your needs that might be best addressed with a request, you can give me a heads up that they're planning to make a request, but your instructors need to make the request directly and from there it can be approved or not. 




